Typo's (#3887)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/gdal/vectormiscellaneous.rst

Export to PostgreSQL (available connections)
--------------------------------------------

> Imports vector layers inside a PostgreSQL database on the basis of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export a vector layer to a PostGIS database on the basis of
```

Reviewer: I thought you needed PostGIS (or some other spatial extension) in order to be able to export a vector layer to PostgreSQL.

an available connection. The connection has to :ref:`be defined properly

> <vector_create_stored_connection>` beforehand. Be aware that the checkboxes 'Save Username'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<vector_create_stored_connection>` beforehand. Make sure that the checkboxes 'Save Username'
```

Reviewer: Not sure about the "make sure", but it sounds logical.

Export to PostgreSQL (new connection)
-------------------------------------

> Imports vector layers inside a PostgreSQL database. A new connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export a vector layer to a PostGIS database. A new connection
```

Reviewer 2: The title is "Export to PostgreSQL (new connection)". We should address this lack of clarrification beween PostgreSQL and PostGIS in another Issue or PR.

> to the PostgreSQL database must be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the database must be created.
```
